DO NOT remove either of the needle caps and DO NOT push the dosing button in until you are ready to self -inject the PegIntron dose.	DO NOT remove any needle closure caps and DO NOT press the dosing button until you are ready to self-inject the PegIntron dose.	Do NOT remove any needle caps and DO NOT push the dosing button until you are ready to self-inject the PegIntron dose.	DO NOT remove any of the needle caps and DO NOT press the dose button until you are ready to self-inject your dose of PegIntron.	Do NOT remove any of the protective caps from the needle and do NOT press on the dose  button until you are ready to self inject the PegIntron dose.
Peripheral neuropathy (or paraesthesiae)	Peripheral neuropathy (or paraesthesia)	Peripheral neuropathy (or paraesthesia)	Peripheral neuropathy (or paresthesia)	Peripheral neuropathy (or paresthesia)
What special precautions should I follow?	What special precautions should I follow?	What special precautions should I follow?	What special precautions should I follow?	What special precautions should I take?
Children with CF who are diagnosed early in life and start treatment at a young age may have better nutrition, growth, and lung function.	Children with cystic fibrosis who are diagnosed with the disease early in life and begin treatment at an early age may have better nutrition, growth, and functioning of the lungs.	Children with cystic fibrosis who are diagnosed with the disease early in life and begin treatment at an early age may have better nutrition, growth, and lung function.	Children with cystic fibrosis who are diagnosed early in life and begin treatment early in life may have better nutrition, growth, and lung function.	Children with cystic fibrosis who were diagnosed early in life and start their treatment at an early age may have better nutrition, growth, and lung functionality.
Neuroblastoma tumors containing many differentiating cells, termed ganglioneuroblastoma, can have diffuse differentiation conferring a very favorable prognosis or can have nodules of undifferentiated cells whose histology, along with MYCN amplification, determine prognosis.[70,71]	Neuroblastic tumors that contain many differentiated cells, called ganglioneuroblastomas, may have diffuse differentiation that confers a very favorable prognosis or contain non-differentiated cell nodules whose histology, along with MYCN amplification, determines prognosis.[70,71]	Neuroblastic tumors that contain many differentiated cells, called ganglioneuroblastomas, may have a diffuse differentiation that confers a very favorable prognosis or contain undifferentiated cell nodules whose histology, along with MYCN amplification, determines prognosis.[70,71]	Neuroblastic tumors that contain many differentiated cells, called ganglioneuroblastomas, may have diffuse differentiation that confers a very favorable prognosis or may contain nodules of undifferentiated cells whose histology, along with MYCN amplification, determines prognosis.[70,71]	Neuroblastic tumors that contain many differentiated cells, called ganglioneuroblastomas, may have a diffuse differentiation that confers a very favorable prognosis, or may contain undifferentiated cell nodules whose histology, along with MYCN amplification, determines prognosis.[70,71]
Talk to your doctor about the possible risks of using this medication for your condition.	Ask your doctor about the possible risks of using this medicine to treat your condition.	Ask your doctor about the possible risks of using this medication for your condition.	Ask your doctor about the possible risks of using this medication to treat your condition.	Ask your doctor about possible risks associated with using this medication to treat your condition.
Serious adverse events reported in clinical trials	Serious adverse reactions reported in clinical trials	Serious adverse reactions reported in clinical trials	Serious adverse reactions reported in clinical trials.	Severe adverse reactions reported in clinical trials.
Women with precancerous changes caused by HPV infection may need further treatment.	Women with precancerous changes caused by HPV infection may need additional treatment.	Women with precancerous changes caused by HPV infection may need additional treatment.	Women with precancerous changes caused by HPV infection may need additional treatment.	Women with precancerous changes caused by HPV infections may need additional treatment.
Caution must be exercised in handling Temodal 2.5 mg/ml powder for solution for infusion.	Care should be taken when handling Temodal 2.5 mg/ ml powder for solution for infusion.	Care should be taken when handling Temodal 2.5 mg/ ml powder for solution for infusion.	Care should be taken in handling Temodal 2.5 mg/ml powder for solution for infusion.	Caution should be exercised when handling Temodal 2.5 mg/ ml powder for solution for infusion.
Higher than normal urine potassium level may be due to:	The highest level of potassium in the urine may be due to:	The higher level of potassium in the urine may be due to:	The higher level of potassium in the urine may be due to:	A higher level of potassium in the urine may be due to:
If you notice that already affected areas of your skin get worse, speak to a doctor immediately, especially if you also experience general signs of infection such as fever and tiredness.	If you notice that the affected areas of the skin get worse, tell your doctor immediately, especially if you also experience general signs of infection such as fever or tiredness.	If you notice that the affected areas of the skin get worse, tell your doctor immediately, especially if you also experience general signs of infection such as fever or tiredness.	If you notice that the affected skin areas get worse, tell your doctor immediately, especially if you also experience general signs of infection such as fever or tiredness.	If you notice that the affected areas of the skin get worse, notify your doctor immediately, especially if you experience any symptoms of an infection such as fever or tiredness.
If you stop taking CYMBALTA Do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better.	If you stop taking CYMBALTA Do not stop taking your capsules without your doctor's advice even if you are feeling better.	If you stop taking CYMBALTA Do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better.	If you stop taking CYMBALTA Do not stop taking your capsules without your doctor's advice even if you feel better.	If you decide you are ready to stop taking CYMBALTA, do not stop taking your capsules without consulting your doctor, even if you feel better.
Patients with cardiac disease, such as angina, congestive heart failure or arrhythmia, should be closely monitored for worsening of their clinical condition during treatment with AVONEX.	Patients with heart disease such as angina, congestive heart failure or arrhythmia should be closely monitored for worsening their clinical situation during treatment with AVONEX.	Patients with heart disease such as angina, congestive heart failure or arrhythmia should be closely monitored for worsening of their clinical condition during treatment with AVONEX.	Patients with cardiac conditions such as angina, congestive heart failure, or arrhythmia should be closely monitored for worsening of their clinical condition during treatment with AVONEX.	Patients with cardiac diseases such as angina, congestive cardiac failure, or arrhythmias must be closely monitored for worsening clinical conditions during their treatment with AVONEX.
It's OK to reduce the amount of fluid your child drinks a few hours before bedtime.	It's okay to reduce the amount of fluid your child takes a few hours before bedtime.	It is okay to reduce the amount of fluid your child takes a few hours before bedtime.	It's okay to reduce the amount of fluid your child drinks a few hours before bedtime.	It is acceptable to decrease the amount of fluids that your child drinks a couple of hours before they go to bed.
The recommended posology of 200-400 mg ciprofloxacin twice daily is in line with current medical practice, supported by the published literature presented from the mid 1990’ s to date.	The recommended dosage of 200-400 mg twice daily is in line with current medical practice and is supported by published literature submitted from the mid-1990s to date.	The recommended dosage of 200-400 mg twice daily is in accordance with current medical practice and is supported by published literature submitted from the mid-1990s to date.	The recommended dosage of 200-400 mg twice daily is consistent with current medical practice and is supported by published literature submitted from the mid-1990s to the present.	The recommended dosage of 200-400 mg twice a day is aligned with current medical practice and is supported by literature published since the mid-1990s.
If required, a second administration of meloxicam can be given after 24 hours.	If necessary, a second dose of meloxicam may be given after 24 hours.	If necessary, a second dose of meloxicam can be given after 24 hours.	If necessary, a second dose of meloxicam can be administered after 24 hours.	If needed, a second dose of meloxicam may be administered after 24 hours.
Anaphylactic reactions and hypersensitivity Anaphylactic and other hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in fewer than 1% of patients following the intravenous administration of proteins to patients.	Anaphylactic reactions and hypersensitivity Anaphylactic and other hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in less than 1% of patients following intravenous protein administration.	Anaphylactic reactions and hypersensitivity Anaphylactic and other hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in less than 1% of patients following intravenous protein administration.	Anaphylactic and hypersensitivity reactions Anaphylactic and other hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in less than 1% of patients following intravenous administration of protein.	Anaphylactic reactions and hypersensitivity: Anaphylactic reactions and other forms of hypersensitivity have been reported in fewer than 1% of patients after administering intravenous proteins.
The first infusion should last 90 minutes, but subsequent infusions may be given over a shorter period if the first infusion has been well tolerated.	The first infusion should last 90 minutes but the following infusions may be given for a shorter period if the first infusion has been well tolerated.	The first infusion should last 90 minutes but the following infusions may be given for a shorter period if the first infusion has been well tolerated.	The first infusion should last 90 minutes but subsequent infusions may be given for a shorter period if the first infusion was well tolerated.	The first infusion should take 90 minutes, but the following infusions may take less time if the first one was well tolerated.
Neither the patient nor the doctor knew which medicine the patient was receiving.	Neither the patients nor the doctors knew what medicine each patient was taking.	Neither the patients nor the doctors knew which medicine each patient was taking.	Ni los pacientes ni los médicos sabían qué medicamento tomaba cada paciente.	Neither the patients nor doctors knew what medication each patient was taking.
If your OptiSet is in cool storage, take it out 1 to 2 hours before you inject to allow it to warm up to room temperature.	If OptiSet is stored in a cool place, it should be removed 1 to 2 hours before injection to reach room temperature.	If OptiSet is stored in a cool place, it should be removed 1 to 2 hours before injection to reach room temperature.	If you keep OptiSet in a cool place, it should be taken out 1 to 2 hours before injection to reach room temperature.	If you store OptiSet in a cool place, it should be taken out 1 to 2 hours before injection to allow it to reach room temperature.
